http://example.com is available
https://www.google.com/ is available
http://example.com is available
https://www.google.com/ is available
http://example.orgergfdg is unavailable
asuhdiasduooasdi is unavailable
http://example.com is available
https://www.google.com/ is available
http://example.orgergfdg is unavailable
asuhdiasduooasdi is unavailable
http://example.com is available
https://www.google.com/ is available
http://example.orgergfdg is unavailable
asuhdiasduooasdi is unavailable
http://example.com is available
https://www.google.com/ is available
http://example.orgergfdg is unavailable
asuhdiasduooasdi is unavailable
http://example.com is available
https://www.google.com/ is available
http://example.orgergfdg is unavailable
asuhdiasduooasdi is unavailable
